let's see chocas chocas what did
shokas say Well chocas says in The
Wild project Well before before
getting into the subject of shokas okay he's
talked again about What's up says
luare don't you remember that recently Willy
said that he would be in a project with gref
maybe and he's there too [ __ ] Let's see it
could or couldn't could if the
possibility is there let's see choca has
talked again about the controversy
with the company canout teat But first
I'm interested in this clip okay I'm interested in
this clip because we talked about it a little bit
and I saw it on this sei
Army's account and I don't know if he really meant it
or was being ironic about the thing about
regretting having bought the
2 million house in the Wild project Jordi
Wild asks chocas if when he
said that he wanted to return to his old
apartment He was serious and he answers
yes at that moment he was just serious
Because it's a feeling of nostalgia
Although I'm exaggerating a little because of the joke
although he doesn't regret having
moved he says that he's very happy where he
is  see correct that is, there is the
issue of regretting it or not Let's see Ah
sorry It is true that I am getting off topic
you regret this a little bit would you
like to return to your to your little corner to
your privacy I think a little yes
no it is a lie with which we
deceive ourselves to believe that any time
past was better you believe that is it you
believe that it is nostalgia yes it is nostalgia it is not
reality it is not reality Because
maybe when you were there you thought I
wish I had that dining room like that No yes but
no Well I am not nostalgic about my
old Setup neither the
blue nor the blue nor the living room how
we were when I was eh in the living room
eh before the move How we were eh Let's
see, yes, I consider that the
shocka thing is super nice I loved
it we were reacting no I don't know if
I reacted to the video here live or
outside of Stream I think I reacted to it
live no eh I loved the apartment What
happens is that it is true that I have
a bit of extra facilities of
what is not the plateau area  calling it that I do
n't think it's right that he has that
plateau not living room attached to the Setup and the
kitchen that is also going to be
kitchen content No
but but I already have a little left over the
rest of the house the rest of the house I
would have made it a little more livable
okay a little more normal let's say well no no no it
's a lie it's a lie it's a
lie that you have in a low moment
but it has come to you I mean no no it's not it wasn't
irony really there have been times when
you have thought it has been a
little exaggerated because I was
joking a little I was joking a little with the
team of jokes but the feeling is
real yes I have had it but I would not
change it I mean I am very happy
where I am and I have that I can have Yeah I
mean it was two years looking man and I
really found the white blackbird and
this apartment in 10 years when I
go to live in uh Kansas uh I'm going to I'm going to
sell it rust t of course we ask him to see
if he makes us a land that says that
the apartment is going to sell it for 50% more I
think that apartment let's see
revalue for the area, I mean, yes, it's
true that it can happen, you never know that
apartments will go up. For example, I was
lucky that I bought my old apartment
at a very
cheap time. Let's see, not really cheap,
and in fact, they charged me a lot of fees,
a lot of interest, a lot of
real estate
fees on the apartment, okay, the other one, the small one, but nevertheless, I was lucky that I sold it, I don't remember if for almost double, I don't remember if for almost double because it's gone up a lot in recent years. Vanessa, a kiss, it's gone up a lot in recent
years. My mother told me to keep it
and put it up for rent, but I
say, I don't want to be worrying about an
apartment, uh, a rental for me is a hassle
and apart from being able to sell it at the price I
sold it, you know, and taking uh the sale, mm it
can be revalued, but what it is
because of the renovation that he has done, I think that that one, I
think that that renovation
actually harms more than it
benefits when it comes to selling it, I
mean, as an investment, there are improvements and
renovations to the house that you can do to
revalue it, but but that one.  that
renovation that Chocas did is for
him for his home, for his
television studio, you know, but to
sell it later for a family or for
a couple with a child or whatever,
that apartment will have to be torn down entirely
and renovated again. You
understand, whoever wants it, no, no, it
's not that easy, let's see, it can
increase in value and it can be sold well for
the area where it's worth, but I don't know
if that, I don't know if that will be enough for
that, of course, we're talking about
him throwing in a kilo,
a kilo, 200,000 Javi, you could have put it on
Air Bin, it's good business. But better a
bird in the hand and you're on the lookout, Tesa,
you're on the lookout and if they destroy it and
if I don't know what. And you have to declare it
too, no, no, this Air bein, this one of
the eggs and how much and how much And how much
can they give you a month for that, Manueli, a
kiss, I don't know, no, I wanted to take it away and
outside it was almost double, I sold it for almost
double what I had left to pay,
Shoka talks about  his controversy with wetaca
but let's go what I was telling you to
close that subject a bit
eh that the shock It's that he has thrown 1 kilo
200,000 1 kilo 200,000 yes it is others squatters get in
and you freak out no eh 1 kg 200,000
or in other words he would have to sell the apartment
for 2 kg and Med or three to recover the
investment Or make a profit I don't know
if the apartment is going to be revalued by the
area you know no no no I don't know the truth I don't
see it I'm not going to say something that I don't
know but I see it complicated the truth eh
well let's see what he said about whaka no
how would his be pronounced canau no no
Now hit against hitaka well speaking of
fadas whaka Wow you came in the
moment I call her I don't call her haka I call her wia I
call her wia but but but I
only call her well
many people already call her wia I'm sorry notice that I
hardly even knew her  I'll be honest with you, I
know, I've given them more virality, I've
given them more Globo Let's see how it goes. I did
n't know this existed either, I didn't know
this existed, but a question, the
Shokas company and the Wetaca company because
this is Wetaca, doesn't have an E? Is it all over the
entire Peninsula? Or is it only in
Madrid? What issue is it because we'll talk about No
Wit, which is like direct competition
because it's the same type of it's it's very
similar? Yes, very similar, very similar. So
what happened here? Nowi, how does it
work? What is Nowi? Nowi is a company it's
the company that I bought that I
bought a very large piece of, you bought it, I bought
it, I didn't create it
from scratch because it already existed and it was called
Nowi, which is a company that makes
home deliveries of prepared food
that lasts a while in the fridge. I
mean, the key is that it's not about ordering on Uber,
where the food arrives and you eat it,
but rather this is an order that
is throughout the Peninsula, that is, in
Seville. And that means you get a quantity of
food that you order and you
store it in the fridge.  you
eat them when you want and where you
want, which seems
great to me and here in Spain the
company that is doing the best is ag
wetaca, effectively, which is a company
that does that, it is a company that does that
and of course, I tried it a long
time ago and I didn't like it very much, it
seemed like a decent company and
such. But I didn't like it very much and well, I didn't
work with them in the end I ended up
doing nothing with them because I didn't
like them enough and because not and
Because they also don't pay people I mean, they
paid, they wanted to pay with food
that Elena says Elena just got you
up that yes she just got you up now that
yes Elena that published that email that
no s To what extent is it illegal to
publish a private email or a
private conversation being a company,
maybe it is Yes, but don't worry, you can rest
assured that I'm not going to sue you because I do
n't care. Let's see, I don't know to what
extent it is liable to sue, it didn't reveal
anything super strong. Not all of you have come
again or were already in no Witch Ah,
some were at noch and others were not, there is a
mix of people who  I had no wich has decided to
sell some shares and several of you
have bought those shares V
cor no no no they did not plan to sell them
or anything we simply made them a
proposal that I know that I knew
was a perfect formula because it is a
very good product that has no
visibility it was not successful at the moment
ten it was not successful but it could have
much more I mean it was already going well it was already generating
benefits but not many do not
control my schedules Francisco Javier
Well if I tell you Elena the people
who control me even if until the
times I go to the bathroom a day of course it could do
much more because it was not known but
really its quality was far superior to
that of the competition that this happens from
time to time is to find well it is a
white blackbird not a company that works
very well but that lacks visibility and
then well I found that with me
reeven reven brought me this
idea because I had been looking for a long time
and I had never found a
company that I liked damn it you
wanted to invest in a company you
had it Clear of course of course because I
could not do it in Huaca because I did not
like Guataca enough and I can not
deceive people I  I can't buy
10 Tupperware and I don't like five of them, but there's
also been a lot of trouble with the issue of
that, not like whether to buy Wetaca or not, and
they say no way in hell you could, there's
also been trouble. In that sense,
no, no. Well, I haven't seen much trouble
in that sense, anyway, I would
n't buy the whole Wetaca, I mean, because it wo
n't be for sale either. What I wanted was like, that it
billed a, oh no, but that was what they
intended to do was to
brag about how I earned a lot of money,
but I don't think it's true. Then they didn't say they would
buy you, I mean, but
ironically, sarcastically, I mean, there was
also Leo, a little bit of money, not
from us. Maybe we could, it's a
lie. Because in addition to Wetaca, there were
quarters in which they had
negative numbers, which is a lie,
but in terms of profits, I mean, they have had
losses many times in past years,
and and and yes, the Wetaca model that you
're telling me is the, the, the, the
company that's doing best at this, you
're telling me that there are quarters where it
has losses, how do you  you throw to Why why do you
invest in this let me
clarify with these first two minutes
they talk about how nobody knows wetaca but they
just said that it doesn't exist anymore
so nobody knew it either So it
's spoiled food Only since now it has
socas in the brand it's good of course
kiss a kiss Kevin Thank you very much No
but it was part is this no I mean he's
saying a minute ago he said
that wetaca within this well of these
companies that do This is worth it is the one that is
doing the best and now he's saying that it's that it has
had negative quarters that it does
n't earn that much So if you're
telling me that how do you throw yourself into investing
in something that already the best company is not
doing well at least you're going like at
least you're going like that company I mean
what happens is that they talk about billing
and of course talking about billing is
stupid because of course what you
bill is not what you earn what you
bill is what you recover for many
companies the first years are
insured losses that's how it works world speaking in
that terminology what happens is that I
suppose trying to get The medal
happened to you  I'll explain very easily
one of the CEOs or one of the managers
took the Twitter tried to make a joke
that backfired because they say it
was a Community manager who screwed it up and you
can go to the tweets you can go to my
Twitter and see it and what happened was not
that what happened was that either Efren or one
of the CEOs or whoever it was
grabbed the phone and said Look I'm
going to throw [ __ ] at this guy and [ __ ] him
Because you said in a live stream
that he didn't kill you after they had been
indirectly throwing [ __ ] at me for a month with a code that is
chocas I don't know what for a
discount on their food Yes, also he had
like a they had like a caricature of the
shas on one of the in one of the I don't know if it
was the website one of the orders or
something like that putting Twitch referring
to my company as if interpreting that I was
going to buy his company and not another one to
gain repercussions on
social networks they had been [ __ ] me up for a [ __ ] longer It's that
I think that there are
people  that he hasn't realized and I
was taking it well until
suddenly I found that [ __ ] and that a
day or two before they had said that no and that
we are a cheap copy or
something like that I don't know what and I say but who do
you think you are you are a tiny
insect do you think you are And then of course
I in a live very politely
said look I'm going to tell the truth that is that I was
not going to say it because I don't
want to make him look bad because because I don't want to
compete in this way but guys I
have tried you and your dishes are
mediocre and that's what the whole internet has said
and that's it's good because they
solve you, I mean instead of asking for a
little thing asking you that from time to time
can solve you Yes it's good It's
correct it's a mediocre dish it's a
five a six it's good I mean it can
solve you And I think that my company I know
for sure that my company You only have to
look at the feedback from all the people who
are ordering it and such is better it's a
company that in terms of quality is better
night and It works very well and I commented
that very politely and  the
next day and I practically didn't put any
[ __ ] on them, I mean after a month, man
called them we caca he called them we caca
calling we caca a company that is a
food company is and a bit of a [ __ ]
thread attacking me personally not
talking about food or anything which
is what you say that he is surely
one of the managers correct 100% it is
impossible for a person who has
studied communications management to
do that very little experience he
put me eh a clip in which I made a
joke saying eh eat it is from
[ __ ] but as a joke which is more
obvious that it is a joke then they put me an I
said it which was very obvious that it was
a joke clip then they put well
they put a photo of I don't know if it's the graduation cap
or the class of one of the ceos of
fren that is taken with the cell phone Which
obviously he took it I mean it's obvious that he
is the one who put the twitchs or someone of
his it has not been a cm not a joke that
is an order from the manager because how is he
going to have a cell phone photo of three
photos  his from class that he will have them
posted on And why photos of the because
because I said that I knew FR who is one
of the teos because because he went with me to
Rosala Castro which is a school and it turns out
that he shouldn't go to Rosala
Castro but of course The kid would play
soccer there which I know
because I wasn't in his class but that
[ __ ] [ __ ] or whatever But who is this guy
F like very personally clo they gave me
a super personal attack disgusting and
despicable it was pathetic eh it was
pathetic instead of making a meme of the
food or something they did everything wrong and they
made the worst marketing campaign in
history I mean they sank in
social networks and today they uploaded a tweet
saying no no we have fired the cm they have
recognized that they have screwed him no not
recognized and they have apologized they have said
well we have fired the cm Today is my
first day of cm a dick the
problem is solved they have not said that they have
said that no no no let's see let's see
but this is a bit regrettable no Let's see let's
see but this is a bit regrettable no let's
see chenoa has given us  follow and I'm
so alive that manifesting chenoa if you
say the word
during a gala I promise you eternal love
and I'll give you a free tupperware your whole life among
those who mentioned her [ __ ] my goodness what a
gift I mean my goodness eat hot my goodness what a
shame no I mean they're
lacking publicity or what I mean give away
300 in tupperware to someone random who
mentions her I mean they're trying to spam
chenoa you know it's not that
chenoa is now there's the thing about operation
triumph chenoa presenting no more
yes I think but this This is pathetic don't
want me to say the word tapper right I just came
in as a new cm and they
left my office table like this
Good morning I guess the chaper my passion
guaca my religion a linden tea if you want to
make a thread ask before please we have
made an order for
stress balls they arrive tomorrow Ah I mean they
are blaming the cm as if
saying that the CM screwed up No look
and this meme how regrettable that has been
the cm but  We're not even going to be a joke, but we're not going to be a
joke or a [ __ ]
[Music]
issima